Added Wordbook, Awake on Lan, Barcoder, Add Water, App Icon Preview, Battery Info (#355)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

### Web Browsers

> - [Add Water](https://flathub.org/apps/dev.qwery.AddWater) - Utility to easily install the Mozilla Firefox theme for the GNOME desktop `#python`  `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Add Water](https://flathub.org/apps/dev.qwery.AddWater) - Utility to install the [GNOME theme for Mozilla Firefox](https://github.com/rafaelmardojai/firefox-gnome-theme) `#python`  `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```
